identifying spider bites Find data on how to identify spider bites
Spider Bite Pictures
Hospital emergency departments get a lot of infected sores that are blamed on spider bites. In reality, most of the "bites" are probably just nasty bacterial infections. In most cases, the spider is nowhere to be found. (Would you stick around to be squished?)
Not having the spider makes it hard to positively identify a spider bite. In the United States, the brown recluse spider is often blamed for bites, but the brown recluse only lives in a few states in the southeast part of the country. There are poisonous spiders related to the recluse living in other areas, but they are not nearly as dangerous as their Dixieland cousins.
Hobo spiders and black widows get blamed nearly as often as the brown recluse.
Doctors are almost as guilty as patients for incorrectly diagnosing ugly skin ulcers as spider bites. These pictures all show sores that the patient -- and in most cases, the doctor -- thought were spider bites.
Submit a picture of your own spider bite.

identifying spider bites Find data on how to identify spider bites
Home Remedies For Eye Stye
If you have a painful red bump on your eyelid, then the stye the limit! A stye occurs when the oil glands around the eyelid get infected and inflamed.
Some natural remedies may help relieve the discomfort.
Place a handful of fresh parsley in a soup bowl. Pour a cup of boiling water over the parsley and let it steep for 10 minutes. Soak a clean washcloth in the hot parsley water, lie down, put the cloth on your closed lids and relax for 15 minutes. Repeat the procedure before bedtime. Parsley water is also good for eliminating puffiness around the eyes.
Drink dandelion tea to rid the body of bacteria that can lead to sties.
Moisten a regular (nonherbal) tea bag, put it on the closed eye with the stye, bandage it in place and leave the bandage on overnight. Hopefully, by morning it will be "bye-bye stye."
Wet a tea bag. Place over your eye for 10 to 15 min. The tea will draw the sty. You can use any type of tea bag.
Boil a handful of acacia leaves in two cups of water to make a decoction and apply it as compress on the eyelids

raspberry pi What is a raspberry pi
The Raspberry Pi is an ultra-low-cost (~15GBP or 25USD) credit-card sized Linux computer for teaching computer programming to children. It is developed by the Raspberry Pi Foundation, which is a UK registered charity (Registration Number 1129409). The foundation exists to promote the study of computer science and related topics, especially at school level, and to put the fun back into learning computing.
We expect this computer to have many other applications both in the developed and the developing world.

raspberry pi What is a raspberry pi
When my 14 year old son couldn’t get his iPod touch to work with the wifi he didn’t try very hard, he just threw it at me and said “dad fix it”. My kids and their peers have no interest in how a computer works. Oh, they love what it does, miniclip, facebook, skype. But what makes their applications work or what is inside the black box is as interesting as the washing machine or vacuum cleaner. I’ve long thought that there is a bubble of tech; people of my age are more techie than their children.
The UK has reaped the rewards of the tech boom with companies like CSR and ARM having the chips they’ve designed sharing fluff in more pockets than Chubb and Yale. The economic significance of what came out of Acorn and Sinclair cannot be over-stated.

